Updates before IETF 119 (#11)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs: draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs.md

## Choice of Signature Algorithms

A security analysis MUST be performed to ensure that the

> digitial signature algorithm `alg` is the appropriate strength to secure receipts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
digital signature algorithm `alg` has the appropriate strength to secure receipts.
```

It is recommended to select signature algorithms that share cryptographic components with the verifiable data structure used, for example:
Both RFC9162_SHA256 and ES256 depend on the sha-256 hash function.

## Validity Period

> In some cases, receipts might require strict validity periods, for example,

Reviewer: "Might require" is unclear; I believe this refers to the inclusion of a validity period in the information authenticated by the receipt, not an abstract requirement. May go back to "may include" ?
